add documents about multi-target search (#3881)
quickwit-oss/quickwit: docs/reference/es_compatible_api.md

|-------------------|------------|------------------------------------------------------------------|---------|
| `field`           | String     |  Only documents with a value for field will be returned.  | -    |

## Search multiple indices

Search APIs that accept <index_id> requests path parameter also support multi-target syntax.

### Multi-target syntax

> In multi-target syntax, you can use a comma or its URL encoded version '%2C' seperated list to run a request on multiple indices: test1,test2,test3. You can also sue [glob-like](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Glob_(programming)) wildcard ( \* ) expressions to target indices that match a pattern: test\* or \*test or te\*t or \*test\*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In multi-target syntax, you can use a comma or its URL encoded version '%2C' separated list to run a request on multiple indices: test1,test2,test3. You can also use [glob-like](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Glob_(programming)) wildcard ( \* ) expressions to target indices that match a pattern: test\* or \*test or te\*t or \*test\*.
```

> The following are some constrains about the multi-target expression.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The multi-target expression has the following constraints:
```
